training is over now you already
much closer to who you could be
is it a matter of time
Did the lack of time always hurt
you reach your maximum
wake up man how do i say
you
you gotta get up early no matter cold there
or not and do what you usually do
would not
you understand only the sick in the head
do the same thing and expect when
This is a different result if you want
change the end result you have to
change your actions why not
try it why not shake
myself what i mean get up at 5 am
man at least 1 time
get up and pussy for jogging spend one
day and you will see how you will be
feel when you run 5 am
your neighbors will sleep at this time or
at 6 am they will wake up to watch
in the window to drink copies to think that
today will bring while
you already brought you understand how it is
works you will feel that you live
then you come to work and understand
I am surrounded by some vegetables or let
do what i say or let
fail on hell never fight
their example brings them television
let them watch you ask stupid
questions and get answers to them and
dream to be like you remember
you are not like they can look at
a picture of hawaii
feel the sea breeze overnight you must
think what you think you're better than them
should be there and not watch how much
you can dream it's time to do
spend one day feel what it is
get up while still asleep or go
run when everyone says no there
I am cold uncomfortable I will not go and you
go and do it yes it can be
unpleasant or tedious but after
how do you make you feel proud
I don't know for myself you will like it
feeling or not but if you like
you can achieve a lot